gh-81719: Add private members to ``zipfile.ZipFile`` to make it easier to subclass (#137101)
python/cpython: Doc/library/zipfile.rst

      with ZipFile('spam.zip', 'w') as myzip:
          myzip.write('eggs.txt')

   The *zipinfo_class* and *zipextfile_class* are designed to help extend the
   functionalities.
   For now, there is no stable public protocol or interface for these classes.
   When implementing custom classes you will need to follow the public and

>    private API from :class:`ZipInfo` and ``ZipExtFile``.

Reviewer: I'd suggest moving this to before the context manager paragraph and reducing it to something like
```
   The *zipinfo_class* and *zipextfile_class* arguments can be used to replace
   the default :class:`ZipInfo` and :class:`!ZipExtFile` classes with different ones.
```

      Added support for specifying member name encoding for reading
      metadata in the zipfile's directory and file headers.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.15

>       Add the *zipinfo_class* and *zipextfile_class* parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. versionchanged:: next
      Added the *zipinfo_class* and *zipextfile_class* parameters.
```
